hello in this video I present you a
simple connection diagram of a
alternator brand never without skin with
electronic voltage regulator
universal good will begin by indicating
what are the connections of a
regulator as we see in the picture
we have a couple of these regulators of
different brands and they are very similar
we noticed that they have a marked connector
with the letters ign referring to
ignition and other marked with camps
o field that is the same in the first
diagram we see that the tab of the
regulator indicated with field goes to
alternator and connects to the flat tab
that here we see indicated
Now going back to the diagram and
regulator we see that the tab marked with
ign or start is connected to the positive
of the coil this is done so that at
turn on the engine to supply power
also to the regulator so that this
exists to the alternator we continue with the
alternator and we see a cable coming
of the battery
this cable is always thick and even more
depending on the capacity of
alternator well now we see highlighted
with a circumference the terminal of
alternator to which it is connected
to finish a recommendation that
do the makers of regulators is
place a ground or earth cable as
you call him directly between the
voltage regulator and alternator
as it was expressed in the figure this
cable can go anywhere in the
alternator body either as a frame in
this image or where they are best and in
the regulator should fix it to
fastenings that in some cases already
they are marked with the mass symbol
I was forgetting an important part
to control the load my preference
is to place a digital voltmeter because
they are more accurate , easy to read and do not
They differ a lot in price from needle
the placement is simple we connect the
negative to massa and the positive to
contact the values ​​should be of
between 13 to 14 4 volts maximum
depending on the revolutions of
engine and the internal adjustments of
regulator now with the engine off the
Ideal indicated voltage would be between 12
5 to 12 8 volts and this would indicate us
a battery in good condition and good
loaded eye is said that ideal or
this does not mean that your vehicles
they are not going to start or the
battery because they have a few tenths less
of volts would be much explaining possible
variables if you want to download the
illustrations go to the links that
I leave you lucky in yours and even the
next